I wanted to introduce myself I'm well
moving six feet apart at all times both
know the rules let me guess you're the
kind of guy that ignores the rules cuz
it makes you feel in control am i right
you're not wrong you think that's cute
do you think it's cute there's no room
in for the feelings hello world my lung
function is down to 35% now people with
cystic fibrosis aren't supposed to get
within six feet because we could end up
touching each other's bacteria nothing's
gonna save our lives so uh we're
breathing borrow air no I refuse to
believe that can I see her I German what
is this you're making me crazy baby
we're gonna do our treatments together
so that way I know you're actually doing
maybe you're always looking for ways to
spend more time with me aren't you still
don't tell me the one time you're
interested in some guy he's also got CF
like this blood hopeful why did I pack
anything nice Oh fine Oh cuz you always
make for a hot Hospital romance Oh five
for you
god you're beautiful brave I wish I
could touch you stay the way six feet at
all times
I got catches infection and you can kiss
me lungs goodbye are not normal kids
don't get to take chances like this
this whole time I've been living for my
treatments instead of doing my
treatments so that I can live and
[Music]
when
I want us to be with you
[Music]
after all that CF is stolen from me
I don't mind stealing something back
one foot
which is one foot closer
[Music]
I will fight for you